#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=- requirements.in
#
ansible-base==2.10.7
    # via ansible
ansible==2.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
apache-libcloud==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   virtualenv
argparse==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
atomicwrites==1.4.0
    # via pytest
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   cmd2
    #   pytest
backports.ssl-match-hostname==3.7.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
bcrypt==3.2.0
    # via paramiko
beanstalkc3==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
boto3==1.17.16
    # via -r requirements.in
boto==2.49.0
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.20.16
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.5
    # via
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
click==7.1.2
    # via pip-tools
cliff==3.7.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-openstackclient
cmd2==1.5.0
    # via cliff
colorama==0.4.4
    # via cmd2
configobj==5.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
configparser==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==3.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ansible-base
    #   openstacksdk
    #   paramiko
    #   pyopenssl
debtcollector==2.2.0
    # via
    #   oslo.config
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
decorator==4.4.2
    # via
    #   dogpile.cache
    #   openstacksdk
distlib==0.3.1
    # via virtualenv
docopt==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
dogpile.cache==1.1.2
    # via openstacksdk
filelock==3.0.12
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
gevent==21.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==1.0.0
    # via gevent
httplib2==0.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
humanfriendly==9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.10
    # via requests
ipy==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
iso8601==0.1.14
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-novaclient
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via ansible-base
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
    #   openstacksdk
jsonpatch==1.28
    # via openstacksdk
jsonpointer==2.0
    # via jsonpatch
keystoneauth1==4.3.1
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
manhole==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
more-itertools==8.7.0
    # via pytest
msgpack==1.0.2
    # via oslo.serialization
munch==2.5.0
    # via openstacksdk
ndg-httpsclient==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
netaddr==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo.config
    #   oslo.utils
netifaces==0.10.9
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo.utils
nose==1.3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
openstacksdk==0.53.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-openstackclient
os-service-types==1.7.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
osc-lib==2.3.1
    # via python-openstackclient
oslo.config==8.4.0
    # via python-keystoneclient
oslo.i18n==5.0.1
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo.config
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
oslo.serialization==4.1.0
    # via
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
oslo.utils==4.8.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo.serialization
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   ansible-base
    #   oslo.utils
    #   tox
paramiko==2.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pbr==5.5.1
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   debtcollector
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   os-service-types
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo.i18n
    #   oslo.serialization
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   stevedore
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pip-tools==5.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
prettytable==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cliff
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-novaclient
psutil==5.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ndg-httpsclient
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pyjwt==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pynacl==1.4.0
    # via paramiko
pyopenssl==20.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ndg-httpsclient
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   httplib2
    #   oslo.utils
    #   packaging
pyperclip==1.8.2
    # via cmd2
pytest==3.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-cinderclient==7.3.0
    # via python-openstackclient
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
python-keystoneclient==4.2.0
    # via python-openstackclient
python-novaclient==17.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-openstackclient
python-openstackclient==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   oslo.serialization
    #   oslo.utils
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ansible-base
    #   cliff
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo.config
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apache-libcloud
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo.config
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
requestsexceptions==1.4.0
    # via openstacksdk
rfc3986==1.4.0
    # via oslo.config
s3transfer==0.3.4
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==0.20.3
    # via -r requirements.in
simplejson==3.17.2
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-novaclient
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bcrypt
    #   configobj
    #   debtcollector
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   munch
    #   oslo.i18n
    #   pynacl
    #   pyopenssl
    #   pytest
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
stevedore==3.3.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   dogpile.cache
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo.config
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tox
tox==3.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==1.26.3
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
virtualenv==20.4.2
    # via tox
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via cmd2
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via debtcollector
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
zope.event==4.5.0
    # via gevent
zope.interface==5.2.0
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
